holy moley taut line lead 37 starting a
little late today because Skype decided
to update and I don't know I don't know
why programs do that either way we've
got a hotline League going we are here
with the number one heimerdinger in
North America in na LCS at least he said
this to me in an interview he's gonna be
on the show tonight
we got Mark Zimmerman over there he's
got probably nothing going on in his
life like normal but he's still here
we're gonna talk about it's gonna be
great
there's lots to a games I don't even
know what's going on in League of
Legends LCS anymore because it's a coin
flip and we'll talk about that too all
that more coming up right now in hot
line link episode 37 hot line League is
brought to you by opened by HP here we
are on the show just as a word of
warning it took a little bit to get the
show started part of problem is is that
the the skype decides to randomly punch
in on people's webcams
I don't know I've stopped so at some
point in time you get might get dramatic
reactions from these people these people
being first off my guests or my constant
coast he's kind of like I guess you know
he just kind of nodded guess I suggest
it definitely hmm mark Zimmerman's here
how are you doing work great I'm a
little sick or like I'm on the tamped
ass end of being sick so I'm pretty good
alright I'm at the end of being sick
okay alright so you're feeling good
because you're less sick than you were
before you're not feeling top-tier right
now yeah I've been playing a lot of octo
path traveller that game is you talked
about that last week I still don't know
what any last week they talked about
that what they talked about how it's
slightly disappointing I think you did
in the after show maybe whatever but
anyway you're playing that game happy to
hear you know that they've got something
going on your life I think yeah
below us we've got deftly he's not he's
below us on the screen but above us and
League ello how are you doing definitely
doing great thanks for having me
and you are I believe the golden
Guardians heimerdinger player that's
your role right
yeah just timer okay so the himer one
trick that they've employed to to
survive in this new
it seems to be going pretty well things
look good for for golden Guardians right
now yeah they could be better I
definitely think it's much better than
last foot though yeah much better and by
the way I just want to say it's very
funny because I I noticed so last week
we talked about how you went to oh and
it was the first week in that Hunter the
first weekend you ever went to your
first weekend Hunter wasn't at LCS and
then on Saturday Hunter was at a wedding
and you won that game and then hunter
came back into town on Sunday and you
lost that game yeah sure about this
market yeah yeah well what do you what
do you think about it mark that they
want without Hunter it's not a surprise
okay
I'm telling you GM's and like owners
being in the rooms and stuff I'm just
like get out let let's focus
yeah very good well we now know Hunter
was the problem he's holding him back
how you doing though definitely huh
besides the team how's things going for
you
life's going pretty swell actually since
LCS is going better than last play I
guess my my life's been a lot happier
haven't been as sad or depressed or
whatnot
yeah cuz it's hard it like what does
create a lot of people don't realize is
that League pros pretty much put
everything in their life into the games
and so whenever the one thing in your
life is going terribly it's not very
good right yeah for sure it's constantly
on your mind it bugs you every day happy
hour don't the other way don't look at
twitch chat because your teammates are
gonna try to distract you and then
that'll make forever show so this is hot
yeah he's distracting every what's
what's up with it definitely is hot
thing is that just a factor is that a
meme I don't know I think it started on
reddit or something I I don't really
know how I feel about it
I think the first interview I did with
Deathly it went on reddit it was like
one of his first videos and one of the
top comments is about how they'd let
definitely do something to them and then
I became a meme or whatever oh yeah
actually I remember that also nervous
for the
you really have something to do with it
- didn't logo say something like he's
gonna teach you how to get all the
Korean girls or something yeah I
remember seeing something like that on
reddit wants to either way it's it's
good to have you on the show tonight
definitely I think it's a you seem -
it's funny you mentioned that you were
nervous on an interview I feel like
you're getting more and more comfortable
doing interviews both at the LCS and on
broadcast and all that stuff so it's
pretty cool yeah is that a cat no okay
well either way mark I don't know as I
know we're running a little late but do
you have any any questions any chatter
to discuss with with Deathly before we
get into calls no I mean we kind of hit
it a little bit while you were what we
were feeling about like what it takes to
break out unique champions because I
think along with CLG you probably have
golden Guardians doing the most unique
stuff in the LCS so I think it's good to
hear that like it does come at a cost
we're like you're learning this shit and
it sucks for like two weeks and then
there's a chance that it never pays off
so you get a lot of people were like why
don't have any approach like YT pros
just not learn everything it's like well
it can be difficult here I've got a
question for you
definitely cuz we were talking about
this before the start show but the
people listening to the five won't won't
catch it do you have any how hard is it
to learn heimerdinger and for the people
who want to bring this out and like solo
q is it like a good solo q champion like
there are people that are looking at you
and they're like wow I could be like
that must look really fun to play like a
very unconventional champion in the bot
lane like what would you say to those
people and sort of how do they go about
it well I think if you're trying to play
heimerdinger you should find like
support duo to play fiddle sticks with I
feel like Heimerdinger alone isn't as
strong as I reading your Fiddlesticks
combined together they like doubles the
value of the champion in a way yeah so
yeah first step is probably find a good
support do that'll play Fiddlesticks
yeah in fact you could definitely I
remember at the start
several months back you were talking
about how you were testing out I think I
found out about this app I'm doing a
video about it called get soj calm Oh
which is League of Legends tinder you
can find a teammate or potential life
partner on there and you were checking
it out yeah I was doing it more as a
meme
I was very funny that everyone was doing
it so I just tagged along but
theoretically you could sell one for all
those people that think definitely hot
he's on get soj you can go find him
right now but - I you could you you
could potentially create a profile
saying you're looking for a fiddlesticks
support player oh if you're looking for
somebody like if somebody wants to play
heimer fiddle this is a way to do it
it's definitely a good idea mark are we
losing you no I was just letting you
pimp out some app that has nothing to do
with our show well if it's a leak tinder
app that I know definitely talked about
anyway
let's let's get into what do you want to
take us through how calls go mark yeah
so this is your first time watching the
show the way this works is we have a
discord no that's not - discord link
I'll just spam your own twitch chat with
your channel here we go I'm sparing
twitch chat with it right now what you
can do is go join up on that discord
once you get there there's a voice
channel called Club calls and Club calls
- you can just hop in there and kind of
mute yourself once you're there and then
you can put the questions that you want
asked into plug topics or if you have a
take like I think golden Guardians
actually looks great I think they'll go
to worlds when you talk about that
whatever your topic is put it in plug
topics and then I'll be reading through
over the course tonight I'll pull people
into the waiting room when it's your
turn all check to make sure your
microphones working and then we'll pull
you into the call and you can be having
that sweet one-on-one date time with
definitely and you don't need an app to
get it yeah one on one day time with
mark and I just hanging out on the side
where the chaperones very good no we're
just like the there were the one table
over at the restaurant you know who's
still in listening distance and
sometimes chimes in on your conversation
very good all right
let's let's get into this as Skype does
weird stuff if you are by there's one
yeah if if you are a sub by the way you
can put your questions into the sub chat
so if you have Amazon Prime if you
whatever that stuff really helps out and
it it doesn't guarantee that you'll get
on the show but that channel moves a
little slower so maybe a little bit
better chance of getting here your
question picked but certainly just you
know it's more about supporting the show
than other ways and I'll read those
people out throughout the time we've got
our first caller on hero is here hero
where you calling from from Algeria holy
moly welcome to the show
maybe 4:30 a.m. with movement Wow well
thank you for staying up so late to talk
to us on the show what do you want to
talk about well I want to talk about how
kind of na is making excuses about how
fighting has become more of the winning
condition that the games are more random
and that gut instinct and less micro
play has become more important even
though we're seeing that you is playing
way more proactive macro centric play
and they're getting way more effective
Wednesday cleaner games that way lies
rocket has been able to take much higher
seated teams that way and there they
have been very successful playing
proactive games showing much different
play style from na like their early game
is much better the macro is true is
truly there like they simply opt played
the other teams who might have a better
individual players by being more
proactive by playing the mad batter by
finding those dives on the sidelines
much more earlier and snowballing the
game much faster and the others can
react touching hero
are you a big you fan or an na fan or do
you care because it it sounds like you
you seem to be very proud of an
use dominance you know obviously I'll
play on the EU server so I have to
represent okay but your so you think
that any players are making excuses for
like the game being too random and
really it's all about finding the right
macro level plays so am i correct the
micro used to be on the little more
century on the late-game like you'd have
to know how to play the late game more
proficiently have a good Baron setups
and stuff like that but now it's more on
the early game and the the NA teens
haven't been able to really find the
correct way to play the earth through
the early game and find those the
correct ways for those to play basically
gotcha what do you think that's
definitely do you think that na teams
are just struggling to figure out you
know the the correct way to to handle
like the macro of the game compared to
Europe I definitely feel like because of
the major changes in the ball Ian it
kind of forces you to play the game
differently because like ad carry's can
take towers really fast
they just can't really do that there's
like a bunch of like other different
changes when you go from like may just
ad carry's and feel like na is having
trouble figuring out like how to play
the game around the mages or if they're
still playing ad carry's versus mages
yeah
Marc what do you think is it is there is
it a macro that because it sounds like I
do have heard a lot of people say it's
just the adjustment of roles right it's
just it's just taking a while for na to
figure out what characters to be playing
but our champions the heroes seems to
think it's broader than that I don't
know how much it's changed compared to
like last split or anything like on a
fundamental levels like things you can
do like I don't know why I've seen a
number of games where like you know you
talk about this like himer Fiddlesticks
bot Lane and like what you used to do
when you're up against like a really bad
matchup that yours getting shoved in
over and over as people would like take
their recall at like 7 8 minutes in the
game on a VF sore
they can last that long or whatever they
can and then they flip their bottling to
the top side and they just trade turrets
and I just like haven't seen that very
much as I remember seeing in a single
time I think this whole split we talked
about on the desk but like I think like
that options still there as far as I'm
aware maybe the pressure is just too
much and you can't ever get a good
recall verse fiddle heimer I'm not like
to here but definitely things but to me
it just feel like teams are more focused
on figuring out their like the champions
and how they fight and all this stuff
and I think it is a more team fight
century rather than like a slope slower
pace one but I think there's plenty of
opportunities for macro still definitely
um yeah I definitely agree like there
are a lot of opportunities in which and
it can like change how they play the
game but I think that comes with like a
lot of creativity and thinking which I
feel like I feel like we don't have that
much of that North America doesn't have
creativity and thinking I love the idea
of saying we don't have think North
America lacks thinking it's like that's
a pretty that's a pretty big oops I'm
not maybe I'm not speaking for the
region but I'm speaking more so for like
myself I'm definitely not that creative
you can just tell by my name oh yeah
usually a lot of the ideas I get and
like the stuff I do on stage I get from
like my coaches I mean like had like
kind of this whole switch from the early
game from the late game to the early
game as shown its effect on the lower
team on the the low tier teams that have
been able to take wins over much higher
seated teams per se like golden
Guardians for example I think they're
the best example for this because
they've been able to define their their
winning streak in this meta just purely
on better map and macro play in my
opinion because I don't think like no
insults but I don't think that
individually they are able to outplay
every other top-tier team because the
most other teams have assembled like
kind of a super comp made of talk to
your players that there have been a lot
of money so I do think that court golden
Guardians have been able to suit the
most make the most out of this matter by
playing more on the focusing more on the
the early macro such as teams like crawl
captain's place like I do think that's
rocket and golden Guardians are very
similar when it comes to playing in the
early game definitely are you and are
you in rockets similar do you look at
you at all
honestly I really yeah that's like the
constant and every time we have a DNA
probe on we get an e you collar and I
ask that question and then they they
don't know but if I feel okay mark I
really quickly alright though to see you
cuz I feel like the reason no I think
golden Guardians has definitely gotten
better right I think that making thing
worked out well I think definitely is
doing great things because if special is
forcing him to like learn Heimerdinger
like I think that stuff is going I also
feel like the better teams are just
randomly deciding to just suck in
certain games right like mark you're
putting your hand in your your head in
your head right now
i I don't think like the best seems like
randomly deciding to suck I think
everyone like anytime there's a giant
shift it kind of like neutralizes
everything and I think and definitely
can correct me if I'm wrong here but I
don't think what made this sudden uptick
in golden Guardians is explicitly their
macro I would say that they've adapted
to like the new picks better than anyone
else like if you play himer fiddle the
best in na which is like one of the
strongest pushing Bali's around and then
you also have a mid laner who plays
talon with smite which is one of the
fastest farming roaming champions in the
game and you fuck up people's bot lanes
like that to me isn't really macro
that's like you know big tip of the cap
for learning the best
in the meta and putting the other game
plan that works with it but that's not
like I wouldn't consider that macro and
I think that's where a lot of their like
wins come from is is they have really
good drafts and then they play them well
yeah I definitely agree with that I
think me as a player I really like
diving the enemy bought and hi Murph it
like really helps with that and we try
to pick whatever amid that can like roam
best and that just happens to be like
Thomas Wyatt and it doesn't even have to
be higher if it we did it to clutch with
Jin Soraka I think yeah I can't really
Lane dominant champs and executing like
they really am a hero 3 I hate to cut
you off but we do since we started a
little late I we have to move on to the
next color but thank you so much for
calling in I really appreciate it and
it's awesome to have somebody from from
I think you might be our first caller
from your country so thank you so much
yeah
saint vicious in chat so it to your
point real quick Travis was saying the
game is like 75% pick/ban right now the
former top 2 teams have only one with
playing 80 carries in the bot lane and
don't look flexible at all that's why
they look worse so I think I pretty much
agree with that yeah yeah couple quick
shots while we're getting the next group
of people and thank you so much to class
the onion for the sub at a Rachel who
reset for four months would Fenris 57
all day aired a gob goblins and ghouls
deck Tim support help desk volt knee and
Charles b75 3 we got divided and Zhi
Ellen
perfect timing on this call divide NZL
were you calling from New Zealand ok Wow
only international colors what do you
want to talk about uh deathly you seem
to have mixed pretty well with the meter
changes but a lot of other eighties the
punish yet and Durak in vol 1 Shrek or
is it just more than mindset around gems
like himer and vlad having a really
different playstyle
well I definitely think
it's more than just like the ad carry
player himself it's like how the team
works around that new champion because
every every mage brings like something
different to the table sure maybe like
every player can lane it differently but
I think like playing heimer food and
like sending out blog dives it's like
the team objective if the team doesn't
want to do that and you have hybrid fit
then the game might not go that well
it's it's just stuff like that how the
team coordinates around with it and like
how you play out there really game I
think that's a really good point because
the game that TSM played I think was
high Murph it I no timer they took bots
to by themselves at like 9:30 but there
Thalia Alistar like funnel mid shit
never found the opportunity to dive the
bot lane and selling they never explode
the game open and I know some people I
actually like to hear what definite
thinks about hi MERS mid to late game
but I know a lot of people think like
himer if he doesn't actually get far
ahead and like you die once or twice in
the mid game like it goes it can get
pretty rough for the himer so I think
the point about having your teammates
able to play around whatever the new
strategy is is super important yeah I
think I'm eras the champion is a really
snowball heavy champion like if you're
not getting ahead on him come like mid
game or late game he doesn't really do
that much damage and he doesn't really
provide that much so like it's all about
like the setup and how you can actually
cure early on in the game as long as you
don't mess up we've messed up with it a
bunch but as long as you don't mess up
too much
timers pretty strong as a champion
definitely do you think that like
because I feel like at first most of the
adc's revolted against the fact that
mages were available like actually I
remember Peter was one of the few people
who liked it and now he seems to
actually dislike a lot of the medes
changes but I I feel like like Sven was
vocal about not liking it and there were
jokes at the time I think among his
teammates and interviews where they were
talking about how much he hated it do
you do you feel like it's all changing
at all the ADCs are starting starting
even if they are not publicly playing
them as much as you starting to embrace
some of these more unique champions
that's hard to say since I don't really
know all the other ad carries like mine
and stuff like that well I can say so
for myself like at first I was very I
was just thinking uh I was thinking like
give it a week it's just like everyone's
freaking out over like the ad carry's
getting nerfed and eighty chairs will be
back in like a week I think it happened
like last season but people playing
snakes bought Cassio bottom stuff like
that and you know I was I was in shock
as well but after a week or so I I was
like okay I really need to start
practicing this or I might not have a
job yeah yeah don't end up like reckless
I divide you do you what do you think of
that take I was kind of hoping it just
blamed some other eight days of bad be
honest
try entitlement but that's pretty good
no I appreciate the effort I'm always
trying to be people too she talked the
other LCS players yeah we're friends to
get a good title
come on definitely who has been the
worst mage player in scrims that you've
played against oh that's a tough one
I don't know I think they're all so bad
yeah say something like I don't know
honestly my mages we're pretty fucking
bad like at the beginning but as for
others
that's definitely hard to say are they
are you kidding are you they're more
hope for fur mages in North America or
does it feel like a lot of 80s are
getting really good at them in scrims or
is it is it as bleak as maybe it feels
like oh I definitely think that like
most BOTS leanest can play the mages now
it's just other team utilizes own yeah
very good hate divide NCL thank you so
much for calling in sweet yeah have a
good one all right
really quickly mark I want to to pause
this as we're nearing the one hour mark
for the show talk a little bit about our
sponsor you guys know about owned by HP
this is our I've got this cool on the by
HP set up behind me it's a little dark
in here right now so you guys can't see
as well but this powers the editing and
sort of set up for for a lot of the
content that I do
this is all being broadcast on a new HP
computer looking at an element by HP
monitor they support us a ton which is
super appreciated they support eSports
at I'm working on a really special
project with them you guys should be
hearing news about it this week not
allowed to talk about it yet I was going
to talk about tonight but I've been told
that I have to wait till later to talk
about it so shit should news should be
hitting soon this week I don't know if
I'm allowed to say that but it's
happening and so something cools coming
I want you guys just you know do me a
favor go follow them on Twitter I'm
gonna put the link to their stuff in the
youtube description if you're watching
the vaad I will link it in the chat
right now but I again like so many of
you guys have have come out you tweet
you say thanks you support the fact that
they support me they support mark on the
show I just want to say thank you to
them and I'm really excited about the
project that's coming and I should be
able to talk about it soon and I wish I
could talk about it now
mark is wearing their headset right now
by the way home buddy was creating in a
lab yeah I don't I don't know HP but yes
it was a close one we lose the
sponsorship if we call them that no I
either either either way thank you so
much to all my HP for their support
somebody says technical difficulties for
an hour that was not that that was
fucking Skype all right what is the
project I can't talk about it yet all
right we can get our next caller in
right now Volk nee subbed Charles b75
three big ray 'then i well Scambler one
champ champ champ gifted to Adlon
villain god darth zombie 13 Wow you've
gotten so quick at pulling these people
mark normal you used to go in there you
check it out you'd say what's going on
you're checking with the viewers deserve
the credit for being ready to go these
days is it safer Zephyr so far so far
okay great voice yeah it's now it's
neither of the things that I said where
you calling from so far Calgary Canada
Calgary Canada okay
thought it was gonna I was expecting
another crazy place but
it's just Canada which is pretty
whatever either way what do you want to
talk about in the show it's night so far
my my topic is Abbey Matthias on fan
since I started watching a season 3 and
I think that without Reggie kind of
stepping in and helping the team out
that they won't make worlds this this
year okay I think it's it's not like a
correlation thing I think it's a
causation
it's a causation can you elaborate
looking so like it's it's it's not just
a coincidence that like every season
that like they've got two finals gone
two worlds like Reggie's kind of being
involved yeah at some point or another
and it's not just like he was there
anything happens to go I don't think
just happen a there's just correlation I
think it's like there's a affect that he
had and so far do you think like I don't
know what the the current fan sentiment
is amongst CSM fans but for a while the
pendulum was like man fucking Reggie
steps on everyone toes every time he
comes in to help has it has it swung
back the other way where it's like
goddamn we need Reggie or like where do
you think the more general opinion is I
mean I I don't like follow social media
too much and stuff like that so I don't
know what other people seventies
I kind of was on both sides like I could
see how like it could be an issue where
you know you have a coach and you just
comes in and stuffs on their toes and
just like takes over and not emasculates
but like you know just it's clear
they're all working and he kind of just
takes over
and that doesn't look good for the coach
and like is not an effective long-term
solution like that I think if it's I
don't know if his personalities fit for
that but if there's more of a
relationship with a coach and they're
working together that it's a better
thing so I think it's helpful these
they're as long as he's not just taking
over and kind of shitting on the other
coaches I am I'm very interested in this
because so many people as Mark said like
people swing back and forth on this it's
like either Reggie is like he needs to
go other way and like they look at his
involvement in some like TSM legends up
like why is he talking to them that way
but it is kind of true that it feels
like TIA it it does feel like Reggie is
potentially by the way he's at LCS like
I think every every week and I see him
all the time he comes up to me and asks
me to put my credit card down for his
bird because his credit card isn't
working for the bird scooter but it is
interesting because it does feel like
he's more detached and I wonder about it
it's funny this is the first time like
TSM has been kind of whatever the split
and I feel like this is our first TSM
color we've had this entire split mark
am I wrong in that no I think we were
talking about it right like next week is
c9 TSM and like I don't know if anyone
that people have ever cared less about
yes'm yeah yeah yeah definitely do you
think TSN like you scrim them you see a
lot more or I assume you shouldn't let's
scare them I should just say you do if
you scream that M do you feel like
they're playing like not good enough to
make it to Worlds like are they better
in scrims than they are on stage like
what's your read on TSM is level well we
haven't screamed them that much since
they're like pretty elitist with their
screams
but wait hang on there let's pause can't
complete their lets with their screams
so you think they're who do they you
think they well it's like the team
liquid and the promise who can be
elitist in this environment who are the
good teams honestly I'm not sure but
what I was saying was okay sure let's
move on I think Jess um as a team is a
really strong team like their players
are all really individually good and
like when we play against them it's
really hard to like make plays against
them rather than like other teams so I
don't really know what's going on my
thumb I definitely think they're like
one of the best teams in our region
though but I think that's the thing is
that it's like they are really good and
like everyone talks about I think
there's a an invent interview with beard
where he said that he makes or someone
who's talking about being another
later saying that he's hard to play
against because he doesn't make mistakes
and he wasn't giving opportunities but
they're not being proactive like I think
Kelsey Moser talked about every time
over the years TSM alts focuses on
getting blue buff and I think that's
like a Reggie thing like he wants them
to be aggressive he wants them to invade
blue and duties these two fundamental
basic things to progress the game and be
aggressive like I think on the last
episode of season legends at the end of
it part was telling them that uh that
they're just talking about things that
can do and then no one says alright well
let's do it and then they just don't do
anything and just talk about what they
can do the whole time and so I think
that step of just being aggressive and
going in and making calls like double
was good at that is one less than
because of the players that can attract
and the skill of those players have to
get to worlds and then past that I don't
think Reggie can help which is why like
those fundamentals don't matter anymore
two worlds level which is why they don't
progress but I think to even get to
Worlds you need that step is sorry
I'm just kind of I've been thinking
about this while you were suggesting
that because it's easy to say well
Reggie is not here that's the problem
right but is there like mark do you
think there's a potential because I
think year-over-year Sauron had like the
gap has closed between other mid laners
and Sauron and and I wonder if that's
not the case across the the list the
league where TSM it's just not as
dominant as they were before because the
rest of the league is kind of caught up
to them I mean if you look at season
four arguably the top four mid laners
were jrg Xiao Wei Xiao link and then
boy boy or shifter and like pobelter was
like seventh around that time Bobo's got
a lot better since then but like yeah I
think it's very fair to say that like
Febby p OE jensen and like the other
guys who have like moved into the scene
have really closed the gap that like
old-old beers and used to like destroy
kids like it's just not it's not that
skilled if
anymore and I think I don't think it's
just Reggie I think if you look at how G
- o TSM's volleying played on G - they
were like not the playmakers
it was more like perks since trick and
stuff and then like Mike Young was
supposed to be their aggressive guy that
didn't work out bjergsen C focused
player he's not Mickey right like he's
definitely not like running around
forcing shit all the time and so like
you're left with like who is the guy on
that team that like is a natural like
fighter and scrapper and like I want to
do things down again I think I think
that's more the problem than Reggie yeah
I don't that's that's the reason I say
this to our dear caller who's name I'm
bringing up right now as the far so far
as I say right yeah yeah it's fine it
doesn't matter what that implies I'm not
saying it right I okay think
I like the reason I bring up this other
thing isn't to the kind of shit on TSM
or say that it's more like I just don't
know if Reggie can solve their problems
anymore right like in the past they have
had these very dominant players and that
were like way above the rest of the
league and in a lot of cases they don't
have that anymore and I don't know if
Andy's gonna change it and that doesn't
mean that they don't have best-in-class
players in every role but it does mean
that like there are probably some other
teams that have pretty goddamn good
players in their roles especially like
looking at Equifax hooni was really good
until mark and SCARA said he was number
one in the league and now he's not so I
mean I'm not sure if there's any
correlation there but my point is is
like it does seem like there's a lot of
other contenders now for best in class
rosters definitely should we never rate
you high just make sure it never happens
I like it if you guys could rate me hi
hi I saw your drunk stream where did
they reach me but he puts us you know
actually I checked it today I think I
was at 80 oh one point six seven or
something like that
that's it I'm a role player according to
the really no check that did you check
that after on your ass
you come on the show were you like let
me remember what Mark was saying about
me again ammunition so hopefully by next
plate I'll be in the 90s or something
like that well it's the joy of every pro
player to try to climb up higher and
mark and scars drunken rambling we're
losing her face by the way mark so I was
looking at the ratings yeah yeah that
was probably a little low okay so I
don't know so far do you feel like that
could be the case that is it is it it's
still in your mind is it Reggie's got a
pop in or else we're doomed or is it is
it I think it's just that the team needs
to figure out stuff more holistically I
don't think it's time for Andy to save
the day I do agree that like obviously
the gap between players is closed more
so especially in the mid lane but I
think he could help
I even if they don't have aggressive
players I think in pushing them to do
those things and be more aggressive I
think that he really did have an impact
in previous seasons but it might not
just be able to know a 1-1 fixed
solution was just coming in yeah forget
well hey thank you so much as afar for
the call yeah I appreciate shoutouts UHP
well it's just that's the value you
bring to the show
dar Salam b13 reserved Brent brundin fun
again
Nene Jojo the Sheik stir a smoke dog
WKU a dsk Jill and mixi I am the fourth
hokage Matt fishy Rome gaming not dead
84 and twizz not have subbed coming in
here how are you doing definitely by the
way are you feeling okay yeah this is
great it's a lot of fun actually just
checking it yeah I think a lot of people
feel they're like no I have to go on the
show where I have to talk to random
colors and then a lot of the colors are
fun we master is on the show speaking of
colors we've Masters on the show how are
you doing we master include include his
full name please
yeah we master you pleb as
it says and commas next to it got the
bracket opening bracket closing brackets
okay whatever
we call those whatever okay what rod
which country in Europe
Sweden Sweden okay okay what time is it
there 6:00 in the morning morning why
are you up at 6:00 in the morning
I never what never went to sleep well
okay no I mean I want to watch the show
of course okay there we go that's what
I'm talking about
okay in no way did you were you watching
doublelift and then got put here right
whoo yeah there we go
okay what it what do you want to talk
about of the show yeah like to
definitely or if you were a pro pro
player would you bench yourself if your
team had a better sub player could play
like bruisers and may just look much
better than you oh yeah that's like a
Swedish guy asking well just theoretical
situation if for say okay alright yeah
definitely what do you think about the
decision for reckless to bench himself
well I can speak on my behalf more so
earlier this lip
I was really asked time ages so I even
brought it up to like my team hey like
maybe you guys just something like our
Academy mid to play like Swain your flat
or whatever well I like I'm still
working on practicing these champions
because my mechanics were really bad on
them I didn't even know how to do like
the Vlad /r combo thing I was like still
trying to figure that out so yeah it's
definitely been like I thought and I'm
definitely willing to do that because I
just want my team knowing what's best
for the team what that sounds great to
say but like what what would you do then
his reckless finds himself in a place
where there's like just a better option
bot lane in his opinion do you do you go
off and learn all the mages like how do
you resolve that yeah I've just put in a
lot of time for spamming mages and so
you I don't really play that many
marksmen anymore just
oh right now you don't play that many
marksmen yeah because I feel like I've
played them enough to like understand
them to a certain like a pretty high
level yeah so I just need to get my
mages there I guess are you able to say
what else you've been playing or is that
trade secret yeah I don't want to put
you in a bad position so that's fine but
it's cool to hear that you're playing
other stuff are you playing any like do
you do you think that there because it's
been interesting to see how in other
regions we've seen especially in the bot
lane a lot of people pull out unusual
stuff and in some regions have like
literally invented something you know
like the EU heimerdinger for instance do
you think we will see that in North
America anytime soon umm I think we will
it's really interesting because like
people are like coming out with the
heimerdinger and I think Korea came out
with GP bottom to counter it because is
q1 shots the turrets stuff like that
yeah so there's like counters the new
pigs and it's a lot I feel like a lot of
the game right now is picking banned and
how you can experiment with different
champs have like different flex champs
that improves your draft and yeah that
definitely helps way more what's the
weirdest thing that either you've done
or you've seen in the bot lane like in a
scrim or something well without like
without it probably seeing the light of
day and you've ruining someone's like
Intel like what some it's really weird
that you think like me tried it in there
like alright fuck that I mean if if I
like looked at myself a year ago and saw
that I played Heimerdinger on stage I
like what the hell like I thought this
was just like a super troll champ no one
played this and all of a sudden I'm
playing it on else yes so I don't know
yeah like what is it life life comes at
you best yeah life comes that's yes oh
yeah Costigan
what was the reason you you didn't want
to bend yourself and you played instead
of that cadmium it oh yeah ah I think I
worked really hard on like learning the
champs and my teammates liked me a lot I
guess and it's not like I feel like
every player it's not just like the
champion
they're playing but also what they bring
towards the team like in terms of
communication yeah like attitude yeah
yeah I think I'm a pretty happy camper
yeah definitely best player or MVP award
thank you thank you so much for calling
in we master really appreciate and you
should get some sleep
that's too late bro but that's right
already past so does that mean you're
not gonna sleep at all today you're just
probably okay your school or work or
something oh no um I'm Stuart and so I
was on my break now okay okay I think
you could just anyway thank you so much
we messed to really appreciate the call
yeah yeah yes yeah all right I'm trying
to there were some people who subbed
before Peters raid but for some reason
Stream Labs is like not showing that
that time so I apologize if I missed
your sub I'm trying to pull that data
back but by the way thank you for Bloods
point who resub he's been around he or
she has been around for two months had
on gaming a sub as well so there we go
there you go alright so appreciate the
subs we got pressed event on the show
pressed event where you calling from
Massachusetts Massachusetts finally AAA
us caller where Massachusetts I'm from
Massachusetts uh I go round Boston I was
in Needham where are you from
Oh Newton oh no shit deed that's cute
alright whatever that means
where do you want to talk about on the
show uh definitely improving as a player
over the year and and and how you don't
think he has a when I'm like last place
of all a ADC in terms of like kDa in the
spring regular season the talk a day
corner of the entire LCS in the summer
regular season and what areas you think
you think he's still in 82 I think right
or what is the number Marx chap puts you
at 80
oh yes the shot yeah I said I Oliver
you're like I bet you a solid 82 all
right it was a chat that brought you
down you can't blame me for David 81
that's a very different situation all
right but good good question
Preston thank you so much so the
question is how have you improved
because it seems like you went from an
ad carry that a lot of people might not
have have found to be that much of a
threat to one that's got great
statistics so far this summer yeah I
think a lot of it comes with our
improvement as a team and but not only
that I feel like as a player coming into
last play I was at the beginning the
split very nervous and just happy to be
like in the LCS in Hawaii I was like
finally I get my shot I get the Ghouta
challenger series and play in the LCS so
I didn't really voice my opinions on
what I wanted to play or what I wanted
to do in game I was just kind of like a
sheep and I'll just kind it around by my
team but towards the end of the last way
I kind of took more initiative and
brought onto the table like more
suggestions how I wanted to play the
game stuff like that how to work around
my strengths as a player and I think it
really showed towards like the idol a
split and now this split did you how
much has a special helped you out this
summer he's helped me quite a bit but I
think like the biggest kind of helped
towards my growth was loco even though
like he's not here anymore
it's time here even though we didn't win
any games with him I learned way more
than I have like ever since then we
think special is that what you're saying
oh no I mean they bring different things
my special brings like the cool takes
and like the small things I can change
in game while I feel like loco I feel
like when I first began the season I was
a very like incomplete player and loco
helps show up a lot of my we've been
going back like further because you were
part like that
EU knighted squad where was like yusei's
little liquorice like everyone was super
hyped up about because you guys all
looks pretty good and everyone could
tell that like in a little bit these
guys will be
in the LCS and you probably got the
least type out of any of them like for a
long time and now you're arguably
playing the best out of them
so like what was what was it like with
like that trio of guys and I don't know
if you ever felt like a pressure of like
being the NAC like new young talent
coming up or anything like that
actually yeah back on you and I didn't
mean licorice it always like after
because challenger series wasn't that
hard for us in a way so we'd always
tried to have like better stats and each
other try to outperform each other and
we had like a little rivalry I guess you
could say and like even now we're always
just like making fun of each other for
our games stuff like that and I feel
like a lot of that helped a lot in our
growth as players because we pushed each
other like really hard and as for me as
asel I think yeah we've definitely grown
a lot and it's just really cool to see
because even before he United we all
played on a team I think was like cloud
9 challengers C team it was like me
licorice Greg ney Demonte and hazel and
all of us have made it into the LCS when
we were all just like randoms back that
you guys talk to each other um we're
pretty close probably don't I haven't
talked to Monte in a while but we're
catching up since we just played our
match against them
nice I I didn't really see her Katy a
rating was so high right now
congratulations do you think to first
you do you think there's a chance that
you are a bad ad carry but a good mage
player and that's what's really changed
is that you were never gonna be good as
an ADC but now you can play mages that
you're in a great position I really hope
that's not the case I think I've shown
pretty good games on ad carry's as well
like last play I had a really good Ziya
game I got Psycho Fox this way I had
like pretty good gin game against clutch
yeah so I think I've shown like I'm not
just a mage player and I'm just not that
bad as a player you know yeah yeah what
are you what if you are not you're not
just some age player but you're a really
good mage player and not just a mage
player
I'd say I'm a really good timer player I
don't know about my other majors yet but
he's like the one champ that I've been
really spamming and learning all like
the small facets to him yeah it's just
there's so many small things to all
these majors that you have to learn and
it takes a lot of time yeah very good so
on that topic like I always find that
marksman's like the position that gets
most skewed in terms of like how players
look based off the team at their own and
so like how much of the from 10th to 1st
place do you put on like golden
Guardians as a team finishing tenth
Alaska lit to like you guys being up at
the top now I do agree that ad carry is
a role it's kind of hard to rate each
player outside of like their mechanics
and because their stats are always
dependent on like how the team does
right if your team's like head-to-head
with the enemy team going even into the
mid late game then the ad carry's gonna
do a lot of damage if they're playing
like justanna or twitch like last season
but it's definitely hard to say to like
great a player and I don't think KD a
means everything just because I'm first
in KD a doesn't mean like I'm the best
ad carry that's my take on it at least
but I think it does help that you're on
a team that's putting out more of a
fight because I think last play a lot we
had a couple games where we just got
completely like dumped stirred the
scores late zero did 12 or something and
we take note hours and get perfect games
or something like that yeah a lot has
changed since then and icons everybody
nope what do we lose you
press them Emma hello hung on here do
you get any any follow up thoughts is
that a good a good answer to your
question oh no I'm good okay well good
to hear thanks so much for calling in
man thank you shortener I know what's
going on what you just move yourself to
I didn't move did you move me did you
double clicked for sure you drag them up
there and then you click the blue room
it's okay we all make mistakes Travis
Carl Fredricksen has subbed pride air 24
and waffles are better thank you tell
them if you hover over the screen this
is cool tip by the way if you're
watching live if you hover over the
screen you're you know on on desktop
you'll see it'll say if your sub is
ready you can send your prime sub right
now did you know that now you do aah all
right we got ed gar house is that right
yeah ok
fed gar house is that what can you give
me the backstory behind that name yeah
it was supposed to be on me at your
house but then I tried to make a an
email account and if your house was
already taken so I decided the th ok
what do you want to talk about or where
you calling from sorry iPhone maker
Mexico this is the most international
episode we've ever had
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight yeah Randall had this topic
where is currently in displayed in the
NA LCS there seems to be a lack of clear
bottom tier teams like there's no clear
underdog this time there was this is
that that that dad brought to us where I
think it was like something like 30% of
the times that we had a favorite team
had lost a match so it is really
difficult to find out who is going to be
a clear winner or a clear loser in the
match the other way around
it's like close to 70% of time the
favorite actually loses like the top
team will lose to the bottom team yeah
so if like the 1 seed let's say is
playing c9 they'll lose like what happen
this week yes ok I guess I got it I got
it
yeah sorry so you're easy yeah yeah yeah
right nice please it's crazy and I mean
it is pretty hard to well I mean in
other splits and sorry for this deadly
but you know the previous played golden
Guardians and some other things were
being looked as you
the clearly underdogs are the ones that
we're supposed to lose but right now
there's not like a clear loser like we
have cloud9 on the bottom of the
standings but it is not we're not really
ready to call them a loser as as we are
not ready to call it top-tier a winner
like a hundred tubes or the echo fox so
it is really difficult right now but
especially in the bottom tier lay the
volunteer is not really something
consistent right now yeah 40% of the LCS
is in first place chips it's really hard
to figure out how to how to deal with it
ie you has had this issue in the past
and in North America it's really
interesting you normally have a like a
clear front-runner or two teams
competing and they're way ahead of
everybody else by at least a couple
games it is it is a really interesting
situation right now sorry what was your
main point or take on this though that
grass well yeah right now I think that I
think that right now like the current
meta craziness is not giving teams like
a clear advantage and everyone is trying
super different things that is just
making it super hard to predict the team
so right now it is really difficult to
be to have like a clear favorite for a
winner or a loser it's all just like you
could just flip a coin and see who can
win a game at this point yeah yeah I
think I mean I okay the coin flip thing
I think is is it feels pretty true and
and I'll broaden this out is that like a
really bad thing like I'm actually I
hope this fixes itself soon mark because
I I don't like there's there's a it's
fun when there's upsets and you know any
game can go in anyway but at a certain
point in time you do kind of want to be
able to build a story around like who
like these guys are gonna try to like
upset or you know and now I just sort of
I go to LCS on a weekend and I'm like
all right like somebody will win this in
it who knows who and what's the point
yeah I I don't like that there's this
many upsets and it's like you know we're
praising tal before riff Bravo's like
they seem to be our best team by pretty
good margin
make one last split they're doing well
this split and then they get they lose
the splice and then they lose to some
other like I fear much team they lost to
here another two times or something and
when they lose they look terrible like
that's not how your top team should look
realistically yeah so I I don't I don't
like it from a like how our outlook is
there's no great movie line that goes
when no one is super when everyone is
super no one will be and it's like when
every game is an upset there are no
upsets you know just it's kind of weird
definitely you probably have a different
take you're probably riding high you're
like what are you guys talking about
well I'd love to keep winning half my
games yeah I wouldn't say we're better
as a team just because of like the meta
changes I think we definitely have
improved like as a team in as five
players but I feel like the main reason
for like all this noise I guess and then
any LCS is with like the big patch that
hit right before the season started
usually those patches only hit during
the preseason like and players have a
lot of time to like adapt and get ready
but they write kind of like threw a
curveball at us no way so what do you
think it's like - like what I guess I
can ask you like your perspective of
participating in something like this but
as a viewer I guess Travis cancer first
like I was asking people doesn't it make
it a little less exciting to watch when
you don't have like the top team
showdown cuz like yeah you don't get the
bottom teams like 9 verse 10 optic
versus II and I well people don't get
excited for it no one watches but you
also don't on the flip side get like the
old-school like TSM vs. you know like
two most dominant teams meaning in the
middle of the split this is gonna be
like really really important because
it's constantly because there's four
teams tied at first first is always
playing so nothing nothing stands out as
a peak and of course there's no Bally
bad Elise it's just like this middle
viewing experience where like all the
narratives are kind of the same where
it's like they're slightly better than
these guys
but they might lose and they don't look
that great and like that's everything
every storyline in every game is that
way it actually it's made it really hard
to cover like I did an interview with
Pierson that will probably go out
tomorrow and in it I asked him about I'm
like what's your take on this whole
soloqueue it's grim environment
situation and Sauron goes oh you're
trying to get your headline Travis I'm
like what do you talk about it's an
interesting topic he's like every
interview right now is about that and I
just said what are the rest of us
supposed to talk about right like
normally by this point in time there's
like oh wow like who can take down TSM
or why is this team struggling so much
and I just I have like I think I do
think that to talk about pro player
scrum environments if that's holding
back North America I do think it's an
important conversation it's good to talk
about I'm happy to have it but part of
the reason why it's dominating the
conversation so much is because it's
it's really hard to to talk about the
narrative of the LCS when the narrative
is just like well it's just a pile of
soup and you don't you don't know what
you're gonna pull out of it every week
but put the ladle in there and we'll see
what we get well and it's just hard to
also get excited like when a top team
loses now like it's not that big of an
upset really and like when the two top
teams play it's not really the two top
teams playing yeah it was like if when's
the next time you play Team Liquid
definitely you know oh I think it's next
week yeah maybe next week okay if if
goal the Guardians beats Team Liquid
this week I'll laugh a little bit but
it's not gonna be like last split where
they beat Team Liquid it's just like oh
shit like that just happened exactly
that's why I wanted to ask definitely
like what it feels like playing I mean
he unfortunately hasn't played like
through so many of the other seasons
where it's like top team first bottom
team but like does it feel weirder to
like you playing in this like just smush
together parity everywhere leave yeah I
definitely think it is really weird cuz
even though we're fifth place right now
we're only one win from first so that's
a really weird feeling because we're not
really good place then right
um but at the same time I can speak for
myself every time we beat like and what
my eyes is like a top team like TL or
like clutch or whatever team was like
really high in the standings last split
I am really excited about it I'm really
happy about it and even though I might
not seem that interesting to the fans it
really means a lot to me and like my
teammate yeah so you like you're a fan
of the current situation by the way I do
like winning so yeah licorice just
showed up and said deftly smells do you
have a retort to that we need to work
out your trash side cuz that one that
one alright what we want it's an age-old
question would you rather smell bad and
not know third girl house do you have
any other questions should we move on
well yeah I just wanted to like be a
little bit clear on this like right now
what you said about the W experience it
is really difficult to get excited for
an any match because I mean you know in
other regions like lck or something you
could get excited about a knock we think
it's your king cell under Linux because
you know that you can you're going to
have a hype match but right now when you
go to an LCS and they're like oh yeah
you're going to help echo fox big versus
100 teeths or something like that you're
like oh well I don't know if it was
going to be interesting or not because
it is like everybody's in this in this
same pool and you don't know what is
going to happen really and then if
you're watching it you may be like oh it
is I don't know yeah it's very sticky
and you can just escape it or something
like that like there's no there's no
clear notion of what is going to happen
in the game right now I think it's I
really felt it during rift rivals when
like we were talking about like Oh
misfits is even here next week is our 6o
team first our six Oh team and we're
finally gonna know who's the best team
and like I was like damn I kind of Miss
having that story and like when you're
sick so team loses to a non like to
another team is actually a big deal
whereas like when you're 6 and 4 what if
you're multiple six and four team loses
multiple four and six teams it's just
not compelling like like that yeah
exactly you can get excited about a team
because you have a favorite right now
yeah hey thank you so much that guard
for coming on the show yeah no problem
thank you priming a couple new subs
coming in I think it said waffles are
better but J Hannigan 70cc r17 reset
performance holy cow four months Wow the
intangible fat man subbed and janji 365
has subbed uh-huh we've got a washed-up
retired coach on the show right now with
an arrow
he's a sub - oh and a great individual
who supports the show and for six months
and I'm a huge fan of his previous work
and arrow right now how's it going to
narrow it's going pretty good man oh
yeah yeah very good very good much
better now that you're here and that
you've been what do you want to talk
about on the show so just kind of want
to talk about the whole because
everyone's been talking about the whole
aspect of all the NA teams are so close
and all of this kind of thing I think
that fans and to a certain extent like
just the entire community and even
casters buy into the all these teams or
clothes thing a bit too much
despite this whole patch changing I
think the patch change is gonna just
inherently creating consistency and if
teams are using best of one to like try
out things that they're no they're not
good at in regular season they're gonna
lose games doing that and that's what
pretty much most of the top teams from
last foot have done and it's not really
inconsistent I think the top teams are
still pretty clear it's just definitely
clear the team's the top team is not an
arrow Holden Guardians one of them I
mean I think the top three teams are
still 100 B's TL and echo Fox for sure I
think that they all just have their
clear weaknesses and strengths in this
whole new meta thing very much
I think the middle of the pack has
definitely changed up a bit but that's
both due to the patch change like
enabling teams that can adapt to it a
lot better of course
and then also
the fact that the bottom teams made
changes that actually made their rosters
better and their teams better okay so
I'm glad I'm really glad you brought
this up because I did an interview with
Peter this past weekend the camera got
fucked up somehow never had this happen
brand new can't won't camera from last
year and that file got corrupted and I'm
really sad because one of the things he
talked about in it was he he defended
CLG who they had just beaten because he
went on reddit and saw that Tony's ixr
coach was getting flamed for the picking
banner for trying kind of this unique
final strat with cled and he he was
saying look team fans should not take it
get so angry when these teams are
innovating right like do we really want
to be a region where we don't ever
challenge ourselves don't ever try
something new and and aren't willing to
risk it like we play safe every single
game and he was saying that he felt like
that comp had a lot of value it made
sense like it it's the type of thing
like sure maybe it didn't work well or
whatever in the situation but like it
that team should go out there and really
try this stuff and it's interesting to
hear you say that you feel like that's
what we're seeing right now that
actually a lot of it is is teams trying
stuff and that maybe it's broader than
what we're expecting yeah I mean you
should use regular season to a certain
extent as a way to try things like this
but I like I know teams have to go into
it and just expect that the community is
gonna get pissed if it goes bad and I
think you're a genius if it goes well
they'll be like oh my god you're so good
at innovating if you plot this random
pick and it works and then if it sucks
like oh this fucking idiot they try this
they think that's gonna work I'm better
than them that's just like normal you
have to go on expecting it pretty much
well you think Team Liquid has been
experimenting they've experimented in
scrims and they have at least tried to
experiment with flat on two occasions in
LCS so they've tried a bit but you can
definitely tell when they're just trying
to get wins like if double if displaying
CAI so they're definitely just playing
for the game and hoping that he just
carries the game because that is a good
point experimenting a little bit less
Team Liquid isn't losing games in LCS
because they're experimenting and it
doesn't flat is not like a grand
experiment right like yeah yeah I think
I definitely see what some teams like I
think echo fox is a good example of a
team that was trying shit I think even
this past weekend CLG golden Guardians
100 thieves to an extent has at least
like mix things around with Rio on the
blad bond stuff like but Co just like
they data me from what I've seen at
least have like look so standard yeah I
mean tiel's trying like the least out of
any of them but I think for sure there's
still like a top team but like two of
their losses are on playing flag games
right so if you say that those two
losses even just 50% or win suddenly
they're like the clear first place team
because they have a win over everyone
else right yeah I think that's pretty
reasonable the echo fox games they
basically took three out of three while
I was working there we did funnel games
and tried shit at random and then the
other three games were basically trying
people in different roles because we
thought that's what the meta was going
to I mean we could have realistically
lost all of those games and still been a
really good standard team to it which is
what the meta is shifting back to
already because Ryan's trying to kill
off the funnel and trying to kill off
the like mage stuff slowly with like
nerfing Swain and things like that so
like they're good this team the teams
that were good at standard they're still
gonna be there a lots of people in the
chat to saying like this lost
credibility when I said 100 these is
like a top team but I mean they are
realistically one of our top teams even
if they are bad at things they're still
a top team this says more about na than
it does about anything else yeah I'm
sure like all the teams at each game we
can say a hundred these is still like a
team of pretty fucking good players and
they definitely got second place last
split and with a different roster yeah
with a different roster but it's one
person changed out realistically like
they definitely didn't make that move
because they thought it was gonna make
the roster worse yeah and and people
play better and worse like for a lot of
spring I like some day was struggling to
do well now he's just like dumpster and
kids every single game it feels like
yeah definitely any thoughts on this
just rather maybe on innovation of the
teams or whatever I completely agree
that like standings might not show which
teams are the best right now
it's just like what an arrow said
because the standings are so random and
close it's really hard to say just the
first place two teams are your best
teams when in reality there's like good
teams that just aren't doing that well
on stage or trying different stuff on
stage I think if a team is confident
about going into playoffs they shouldn't
care too much about their regular season
ranking they should try stuff out I feel
anyone feel yeah should anyone feel
confident right now whenever all they
like yeah like in in this like the top
teams are afraid like they're pretty I
don't know how safe they are from being
at the bottom right yeah you should feel
confident that you can go out and play a
certain strategy and win a game if you
don't feel confident that you can go out
and do that against bottom teams then
you probably aren't good enough to be a
playoff team you know you said who's the
top teams are an arrow Oh who are the
bottom teams I think clutch is slowly
shaping up to be a bottom team c9 is
right now like a you said shaping up
they shape it up right now to be a
bottom to you well so everybody I think
they're really shape down yeah like it's
like the bottom teams and the mid-teens
have kind of like formed together yeah
it's just like the teams that are full
of good players that work in spring and
then they're not actually a good team so
they kind of suck in summer that's just
kind of do you mean it's like a trial
lineup of good players but not a good
team yeah they're just good players but
like there's there's not a lot of teams
which is ironic is you your listing
clutch and I think a lot of people would
say clutch doesn't have good players
that they lay one like holistically as a
team it's not like it's not like you
know Apollo's like this Lane bully
that's just dominating everyone and they
they're know most of pretty often
statistically he has some great laning
numbers sure but no one thinks rather
than they should or not and no one has
ever looked at like a lot of the names
on clutch and been like it's not like a
who knee right like people people say
who knee can carry teams right whenever
he's not been cursed by Mark and SCARA
Peter the same situation right burek
saying at times I don't think that's how
it doesn't feel like that clutches one
of those teams so it's just I'm just
pointing out its interesting here and
there I'll say that not necessarily is
wrong you should really just look at
like the teams that have all had the
issue of they don't really do anything
early and their games kind of last
forever and then they win other than
like hundred these pretty much the teams
that do that are probably gonna be
bottom teams in summer yeah like even
the teams like ggs and stuff like that
last split weren't really good teams
that did that they like still try to win
the game it felt like like I felt like
you couldn't just get a lead early game
and you would probably just
automatically win it's like you still
had to do something somewhat correct
yeah like ggs let's split against us
played like a Gallio camille comp and we
got like a big lead early and the
players definitely started to like coast
in game like I boys this game's a free
win fuck it let's have fun and they
started to get railed in the game
because they were actually trying to
like when you know some teams do that
and some things don't
and I think that's what differentiates
between spring split good teams and
summer split good teams it happens every
time like last year there was what p1
that was good in spring and then shit in
summer and then I went to riff rebels
and somehow won like what happens all
the time yeah mark definitely any other
cuts well I want to ask an arrow how he
was a great golden Guardians right now
then gonna go change right now uh I mean
when we played you guys like the first
few weeks or something I said like you
guys are definitely gonna be a playoff
team I think I said that that matter is
something I think you guys are competing
for like sixth or seventh spot like
you're in between there and you
definitely a chance to I think it'll be
your CLG that knock clutch out of it
I think clutch will be the only team
that probably doesn't go to playoffs out
of the original group I think no faith
like West I mean it's gonna be between
fly quest and ggs they compete for that
spot I'm pretty sure
wait so but you said it was either
golden guardians or CLG that would knock
clutch out oh yeah it's like between
those three it's like a fucking cycle
almost like so it's between them like
really do some movie employers like TSM
are one of those teams or it's like they
have good individuals and they don't
play the best as a team but they're into
what about c9 LLC nye and make it
I don't know what's happening with scene
on Monday you think you said they'll be
the only you said do you think clutch
will be the only one that has many
playoffs which implies there's like
there's like two they could still make
it it could still run it so I guess is
those two teams at the bottom they could
like okay rapidly we went from either
Saki clutch out - oh yeah maybe fly
quest could - oh yeah baby see a phenom
oh go this is why I got killed off man
we're all over the place analysts are
gonna slowly disappear between the 5th
6th 7th 8th 9th 10th that is kind of
muddied a bit more because of see out
there CG CG what the fuck c9 like
tanking the start of the split with all
of their stuff that was going on
internally yeah it's kind of muddy the
water does everything the only one that
you're throwing out for sure is optic
and clutch yeah I think optic and clutch
are probably bottom teams although maybe
CG turns it around but I doubt it I
think CG will probably just like redo
everything for next year or something
like that yeah redo everything dramatic
yeah no I just I'm sorry I just don't
think the team is gonna do like too much
I just think they're kind of a spring
split team like p1
narrator if the headline maker yeah I
mean what are you gonna put up there
that Nick Smith wants CG to die or
something what you're looking for it the
headline you want clutch gaming need to
start over just go to the fucking next
question Travis kick me out of you thank
you so much Janeiro for coming on the
show as always it's a pleasure and
delight it's so graceful and wonderful
and really appreciate your support of
the sea I won't love Travis see you
later I got a question
I was talking to medias and firm like
his time playing with the fly West
Academy guys he was saying like he feels
like challenger players have really
weird like terminology is that like a
thing we're like the Academy players are
the ones who like come up with all the
the cool phrases that then like pro
players take
I'd say I can speak for myself from when
I played in challenger I feel like once
again zealous yes you have to be a bit
more professional and watch what you say
a bit more yeah I think the root of most
of our memes and stuff probably comes
from Academy yeah just the toxic place
for everybody yeah I forget the examples
he was the media so there's some pretty
funny things like and how people
describe things like they just say bit
like science for like any time they're
trying something like oh this is this is
a science pic or something
I've never heard that one before
actually yeah I'm not sure anyways yes
colour memeing in the chat all right ah
let's see where we go hmm we got a pH
you see new in and mental is this except
for two months and says show feet
definitely this nerves coming I think
it's a 14 that has the the changes
coming to TP where this gained just six
minutes or something and I think Isaac
was talking about this is a oh say like
he kind of dislikes it because it hurts
top laners who were like the kind of
role that TP supposed to help so like
what do you think about TPA and like the
nerves and all that stuff I think it's
hard to say right now since I haven't
been taking PPD for that long um I'm
kind of a noob with summoner spell
really no but I think I feel like it'll
be used less in the bot lane for sure
and maybe it'll go back to heal or
barrier or whatnot towards those
summoners but yeah I I feel like it
definitely sucks for talk because that's
I feel like that's should be like a top
lane summoner and not like a following
summoner but I don't know how they could
change that to only hurt like hurt bot
laners when they take it would you be
excited about TP dying or would you be
sad because no more wards behind you TP
flanks you're dead
yeah I feel like teepee players are
actually really fun to coordinate in
game like for the players at least
because it requires a lot of setup it
requires a lot of communication it feels
really good when you're able to execute
on like a DP play there's like a lot of
things you need to take an account it's
a good question thank you
let's move on to the next corner squeak
OS Kyle zero eight zero eight reset for
six months Robert o sent two hundred
bits and says hi Alexis squeak the week
reserved for five months and it says
just in time for the first roll and John
mesh on has subbed thank you very much
to all of the following it's funny it
looks like rachel is now fielding a
Rachel for Matteo who's in the twitch
chat as fielding conversation from
people who have purchased stuff from
Matteo sorry is great whenever my twitch
chats descends into stuff just doesn't
work is here just doesn't work where you
calling from so I'm coming from Germany
Germany nice another international color
what do you want to talk about on the
show tonight
so this morning sorry what do you want
to talk about on the show this morning
fix that so I think that most of the pro
players especially in top teams are
scared to try out like really crazy pigs
in scrims because there's so much
competition and Academy teams they could
be swapped out all the time especially
players like Ola who are not as let's
say
liked in a community and are probably
pretty scared to try out pigs like Pike
and screams definitely that's uh I don't
know how true that is I don't really I'm
not in like another team like watching
what goes down and how like they play
their screams but as for our team I feel
pretty safe with my position as a
starting fall liner and I feel like most
players in the LCS should feel like
relatively safe well I mean you guys
have the ten
place Academy team yikes so I don't know
holy moly
I'm just saying I don't think definitely
should be scared of Benjy ripping his
job out of his yeah I mean that that
medias quote about you know feels like
the Academy teams are there that Academy
players are there to take your job it's
kind of interesting yeah I would love to
here with us like if we have c9 player
like what what they think is yes Lee is
number one Katie a player of all
marksman right now you think anyone's
gonna take that guy's job yeah hunter
hunter says that going Guardians is
actually the ninth place Academy team
hunter oh yeah that's right I think echo
fox Academy's 10 no that's right
let's go but ok so what I mean what do
you think about set take yourself
outside of being on an organization
where you are such a dominant ADC and
your academy team is struggling worst
player yeah imagine your worst player
and behind you you've got an import that
is learned slowly learning English what
what do you how concerned would you be
oh yeah I guess I'd be a bit more
concerned I want to show my best side
all the times right so I just yeah yeah
honestly I don't know that's really hard
to say and I think it's really specific
to each individual team and one Academy
player they have and what starter player
the hell yeah I think it would well so
even if you're scared do you think that
would limit like your quote unquote
creativity or would it just be like a
pressure regardless of like that
specifically I think it's more so
pressure rather than creativity because
maybe you do find something that's
really good and you start performing
really well on it like I did with high
mary i guess and that just increases
your value as a player right because
you're able to pick those like off meta
picks you could say ok na dog ain't me
just asked her the razing question in
twitch chat to them ask how concerned he
would be if deft was in Academy in
learning English
literally the person you've modeled
yourself off of yes coming for your job
yeah defconn Mata are your Academy bot
lane yeah gunning for DeLeon mess I
think they could probably take our job
instantly without having uh knowing
English yeah but then that means Mickey
would have to get moved down and I don't
know that's true yeah I would I really I
think it would be an amazing move for
hunter and golden Guardians to pick up
deft and Mata and stick them on your
caddy we keep team and keep Matt and
definitely there I mean like it would
just there'd be so much conversation
about it it would be great I'd love to
see that dude do you know deaf deaf did
Mata are aware of like the Deaf Lee in
math thing the way like any fans kind of
mean that shit
I've no idea but I think if I just ask
Mickey about it you can probably tell me
regarding that but I haven't bothered to
ask yet you should exactly and ask him
and if they know about it in the
offseason you and Matt got to go to
Korea and film like some kind of video I
don't know to be but it just like take a
picture with them yeah like you guys
like swap swap wise for a day yeah
that'd be a great content piece like he
comes over to na and like lives with
golden Guardians for a week you have
Katy pretty cool but we got to get good
first uh so that's our first priority
yeah well if you make worlds you're
already in Korea
that's true that's true what um do you
have any more thoughts on this our dear
friend just doesn't work well I think
like in a you like just a comparison I
think you like phonetic twice very more
stuff like bukang bit which doesn't
video isn't really played in America so
I want to us definitely like he isn't
really scared of his position so I want
to ask him if why he doesn't try pigs
out like that just
I don't play a pic on stage doesn't mean
like I've tried in scrims so and I think
that goes for like every single player
we want to like if something doesn't
look strong in scrims then we're chances
are we're not going to play it on stage
right we want to have like or for us at
least we want to win every game to make
playoffs since last play we were like a
bottom tier team and so we're trying to
take it like every game counts a lot yes
yeah how much do you guys would you say
probe players decisions on what to try
is based off like solo q win rates and
stuff like that because Talon mid with
smite I think I'd like a super high
winrate I'm pretty sure Wukong mid was
the same way there's a couple other
quick set I'm blanking on right now that
have had like pretty crazy solo queuing
rates how much is that it's like I want
to try this versus like I have seen this
shit enough that I'm gonna try it I
think a lot of its just like looking it
up and giving it a try and so looking
and see how it goes if it goes late not
bad and so like you may be tried in
scrims
I think like check master he for example
was like just a solo Hugh strat and we
saw that a bit across like all the
regions people playing it and yeah like
I think we'll come that's like a really
high win right now and I watched like
cancer dragons YouTube video like it was
playing weak on bottom so I think I'm
gonna go give that a try tomorrow or
something and see how it goes watch a
lot of QT buds or like live streams of
him playing Wukong bottom and it made it
look balanced so I should probably watch
the Panzers dragon one alright it looks
pretty good in pants video thanks so
much for the call just doesn't work
really appreciate it thank you dude are
we or we've got one more caller
looks like let's see i kz r zero one has
some thank you so much for the sub John
Mall John donated $10 69 cents this why
do you hotline League in 100 t have the
same amount of merchants hotline League
merch quite frankly I think this is more
about a 100 T March than hotline hotline
League March is it as a quick aside con
I know your face
what yes I don't want to that's not
brand friendly
Kahn I know you heard really quickly I
just want to say this I think it is
really shitty that to do limited merch I
think that like it rather I think it's
ok to do like every now and then like a
limited rift rivals Jersey or whatever
but to not create any merch for your
team for fans that they can just buy and
is like consistently on the store I
think that's kind of a bummer and kind
of a dick move and I I hope that teams
stop doing that like I think it's ok to
have limited runs here and there but
like other teams can create enough merch
to fulfill these orders like this sort
of artificial scarcity that's like
Nintendo style we moments that's not a
good look
con what were you calling from can you
remind me oh ho Idaho thank you what do
you want to talk about on the show my
question did deftly was how golden
Guardians and even himself approached
their goals as a team and also if kind
of the low pressure you know the fact
that you might not have done well last
split you know being low pressure that
you're not expected potentially to be
top team the split might actually help
your team improve over the season or be
with more bolon they try things out oh
my I think I'd have to disagree with you
on it being low pressure just because a
team's doing poorly
just because fans aren't expecting them
to do well I think if anything players
are more concerned with like their job
security with their future and you
sports and I think if anything there's
just as much pressure on a bottom tier
team then there's talk to your team and
it's because like when you're winning
everything is like great within a team
right and when you're losing you start
to see like all the imperfections of
like your teammates or like of your team
and all that and that really like weighs
down on every player on that team
so I disagree with you saying there's
not that much pressure on like a bottom
tier team
I definitely like I went through the
struggles of being in 10th place and I
can say for a fact that I really never
want to be there again I know you
weren't on a 10th place team in the road
promotion system but you did play as the
team trying to move up like how does the
pressure of a 10th place team without
relegations compared to like what you've
experienced in the past oh I definitely
think with relegations it's they're like
the tenth and ninth place teams in the
LCS are way more frantic because that
might be their last chance to be in the
LCS because there's such a big
difference back then from challenger
tales yes and like your base and all
that so I definitely think you that
there's way more pressure back then
there is now but at the same time there
still is a massive amount of pressure
craft every else it alright well that
was kind of one part the better big part
I really wanted to ask about was just
like what is it like like goal goal
setting and things I'm a manager at my
work a big thing that I do with my
employees is half you know set up goal
sheets you know really plan out what
what we're gonna do and why we're gonna
do it and how do you have something
similar like that for yourself or does
golden guardians of and similar like
that for your team um yeah actually
we've recently like implemented a lot of
different things that are in
Heimerdinger like yeah I like champion
priority and stuff like that we've after
our Oh two week before revivals we like
sat down as a team and thought about
what we can change about infrastructure
and how we can kind of help our team
progress in the faster rate and I think
it's shown dividends in the last two
weeks what's uh what's your take on like
all the kind of systems I mean that
you've been through on teams and stuff
like that because some players feel like
they don't really give a shit and
they're just like old scrim and like do
whatever people tell me and some some
players are more involved in like trying
to make better systems as well so like
what where are you at on all that I
think every every team every player
practice is really hard and it's about
how smart practice and how efficient
your practice is and yeah it's it's
about like structure how you like the
team runs things how the players like
how open the players are to like
criticism and all that but do you find
yourself as a player who will like just
kind of follow the whatever the coach is
like I think this is how we should
are you one of the people who wants to
like work with the coach to improve
whatever the current system is I
definitely think I'm one of the latter
if I feel like something isn't right I
usually speak up about it and speak my
mind until like we come to like a sort
of conclusion on or like a compromise in
a way on how things should be ran
I'm pretty vocal about my opinions and I
feel like it's a pretty good thing to
have in a team that way you can like
find the best situation possible mm-hmm
very good
hey Khan I think that was a really good
question I really appreciate you calling
in to ask it well thank you good luck
the rest season definitely hopefully we
could see you guys in the Oracle Arena
Oh like that's owned by your technical
owners Azam Khan wait I remember so last
week you wanted to come on I was teasing
you on Twitter you wanted to come in and
say something about because you weren't
you and the office and during this was
it during was it last during the
offseason in between the splits I guess
you can say that me in a lot of the
people out there really flame hunter and
even like people like fly quest an optic
little bit being like these teams aren't
trying they're just gonna keep the same
bad players blah blah blah and I think
that they have shown that sometimes
keeping players and then proving as a
team is really powerful and as we're
seeing fly quest beef tied for first you
know you guys are one game out off to
two games out like you're seeing all the
three bottom teams really improve so I
think some of that flame that was given
to hunter and some of those other teams
probably wasn't warranted yeah I
understand chat right now so I don't
know if we should be admitting this any
ego boost I don't know if he does anyway
either way thanks Khan sorry we can have
you on last week I think we were looking
for you but either way thank you and a
good question thanks for calling in all
right so that's the end of the show I
feel like I had one more thing oh
definitely do you know where League of
Legends Worlds is going to be
and the schedule 400-series because if
you if you do that'd be great
we didn't talk about that on the show
but I I I mean I talked about it on
Twitter I don't need to go over it again
but I I would really like I I want to
create one of those like websites where
there's like a how many days sense and
just I or how many days until worlds
could beginning without like the
announcement right because it's just
it's really frustrating
I really hope riot releases it I think
it's really stupid that they haven't and
by the way like there are ways to
communicate degrees of this right like
okay maybe you don't have the venue
locked but if you know that the whole
thing is happening in Seoul communicate
that like I get that the proper way to
do it is to create this like great
website where you've announced all the
stuff it's like a microsite you've got
the dates you've got the venues all
stuff please just give any fucking
information you can because that would
be greatly appreciated the thing I would
want to talk about that what do you make
this show is the trade deadline stuff is
tomorrow definitely you know what he's
you know any trades that are gonna
happen you hear any rumors no actually I
haven't heard anything
the Deaf Lee's nervous tic definitely
nervous tic when you can tell he's lying
as he brings his hand up and goes like
this you know just a little bit no I
haven't heard anything I'm gonna choke
myself so that no one can hear what I'm
saying
no sisa sounds like he has heard
something I'm just gonna fish in and
I'll see you yeah yeah uh mark bummer
who would you who do you think are the
teams that should be looking to make
trades
I think if hundred thieves wants to get
Levi on stage at all this split they
should probably look at finding just
based on how good some days playing
between Sunday and Rio I'd probably look
at getting a decent mid lane option from
one of these teams that kind of has a
couple so Demonte looks like he's
starting for echo fox moving out their
golden glue has looked pretty good this
split Palafox has looked okay in Academy
so
I don't know I wouldn't mind seeing some
stuff like that that way you can try it
out and if it doesn't work you celebra
you and some date on that you can run
with I don't know
so you think hundred thieves should be
looking to trade yeah the other team
that like cuz I mean they're in first
place right yeah yeah it's just I don't
know if you ever want to get Levi a
position this split I don't think you
want to bench someday for brandini and I
don't think Linsanity is quite LCS ready
so yeah it's just scary cuz I think
right now hundreds he can feel pretty
comfortable feeling like they have a
really decent shot at Worlds and I don't
know and for a first year like if you're
a TSM I I I would argue that if you're
gonna say 100 T should make a trade I
almost feel like you should argue TSM
should make a trade because and I'm not
saying ii guess i'm should but i think
it more what you you shot it down
whenever the caller called in okay
that's a either way i think you could
argue that TSM should be more likely
like if they like hundreds he should
just be happy to go to world's TSM
should be afraid they're not gonna go to
worlds but they should also be afraid
that if they go to like if your whole
year or you've traded out all-stars
because you want to progress further at
worlds i don't know if this is the
roster that's gonna get you like out of
groups there and what's that
so once you win it looks like it used to
trade you trade yeah for who you want to
get rid of Greg you want like a better
jungler you want to go to MIT rebuild
rebuild the whole roster oh train along
video well you don't need to worry about
salaries or anything yeah no I don't
know where I mean I to be clear I don't
actually think TSM should trade but I
think if I think TSM should want to
trade more than hunter t-shirt because I
think hunter T should be more satisfied
with a decent shot at Worlds or at least
performing well in playoffs for their
very first year then TSM should be
sitting and hanging out in groups yeah
but honey bees also has the like wiggle
room
till I get a low commitment trade like
that and not and still be fine like I'm
not saying give Ryu up I'm saying
getting a mid-laner
without giving you up and then you can
try it and then it doesn't work go back
to whatever you're started roster is
yeah you're running out of time to try
things yeah and I'm not saying it's like
this is an urgent thing but maybe have
some of you can throw into scrims and do
yeah you spend like a week or two on it
and maybe it's like holy shit this
actually looks great okay all right I
think that's it definitely got any
shoutouts plugs anything you want to say
to anybody out there
Oh actually uh there's a chef that keeps
saying like something something like I
should talk double it see what that uh
he was talking about like Misha talking
double after that interview I did with
you I want to clear that up I did you I
don't even want it you asked me about
how double the study was coming back to
na from mm I said whatever it was and
saying oh yeah and I said he forgot the
joke I think he's really good as a
player and I respect him a lot
so don't no one know ever apologize for
shit talking Bell worked I feel like
it's like anything else yes would be so
boring if there was no like sure talking
if you weren't a lot of light clap back
on you do it you're playing him what I
think what doublelift always says is you
gotta clap before the win
so you're playing it next week gimme
give some flames before you guys play I
mean it's really good his mages suck he
told all a to int and that I don't know
if you saw that clip what does that
perks
the thing the old perks champ that
arises bad my eyes ears were yeah yes
you could do my Vlad is bad my
something's worse timers worse my timers
worse you guessed it right he hosted the
show today no no I love Peter he's
amazing we're dying we've got some of
his people here on the show we all love
Peter he's a great guy great human being
would never flame him
but definitely would definitely you got
you got anything else that you would
saying uh no not really I just thank you
guys for all watching and I don't know I
want it so I look at all like the whole
pros they have so many Twitter followers
and I hope one day I can get that many
you know wait mark were you did you know
he was gonna say that no actually I
pulled it and right before yes yeah it
felt like coordinated because you
started spamming his Twitter account and
I never spammed anybody's Twitter
account you start spamming his Twitter
account in the chat as he's plugging his
Twitter chat yeah it's just actually
really random so you would like to have
more than four thousand four hundred
fifty nine Twitter feed him to five K
right now
twitch at I don't know five hundred
people it's roughly like you know yeah
he's game to twelve so far so okay 4479
we'll check back in a second for towards
thousand four hundred Eva we'll check
back in a second
whenever Mark is done with his shout out
some plugs but you guys yeah it'll be
hard to get to some of those older
numbers cuz uh stop don't see it sighing
oh we almost got through a whole episode
mark what were you saying
not much have nothing to say at all in
doing anything interesting we're doing a
double shoot tomorrow when do I get to
go on the poky podcast well first you
have to be a streamer
I'm literally streaming right now you're
you're hosting a show Travis it's a big
difference I what well I bet you I bet
you there have been people on on the
poky podcast that are not streamers I
don't actually think that's true I am
currently the number three streamer in
League of Legends array at this time
alright and for this is probably the
time you want to screen cap this and
send it to her and be like look unhoped
it I got here yeah I'm not desperate
enough where I'm gonna create a campaign
to try and get me on pokies podcast but
you know I disrespect her work mark any
but nothing you got nothing
yeah someone asked me about okto path
traveller and I said I talk about the
end the show the reason I've said it's
disappointing even though I've played 30
hours I'm enjoying the combat a lot is
because it's an old genre that's like
not hard to get right and they got the
important parts like the important
classical parts right
but then the a lot of like the decisions
they made around the story are just
fucking god-awful and stupid and I don't
want to play eight origin stories in a
row and then have none of their actual
stories tie together at all at any point
except maybe the very very end which I
haven't gotten to yet and the stories
themselves suck and it's supposed to be
a character driven game so yeah the
classic JRPG elements of it are really
good and everything else
the graphics are good - I don't know
just the story it like it's like you
gave me a good base game and the story
just does not make me one play it any
lattice bad my himer gut gets banged you
guessed it right I'm Peter ping maybe
I'll do it for the right content thing
you know people spamming that flees
Twitter I think he's gained a hundred
followers so we get we haven't gotten to
five K but at twitter.com slash deftly
lol if you're listening with apology you
can check him out there he's an amazing
content producer he retweets a picture
of himself as Heimerdinger how did you
make that yourself or how did that
where'd that come home actually before
yes that week I was super confident in
my hayver and I'll we get it we're gonna
win so I have my coach like make like a
picture of me with my face cops out with
Heimerdinger so you burn that was a
premeditated and your Heimerdinger
you're like I'm gonna need a meme for
the wind that we pull up we get whatever
I pull this thing out yeah yeah perfect
I'm gonna double down on it and I'm glad
we were able to plot the wind that's
actually that's actually really cool
go follow definitely a well on Twitter
for me
I should be able to talk about the thing
that I'm doing with Owen by HP soon I
have another series in the works which I
hinted at last week whenever where I
apply Stokes was on the show hope to
have like a trailer something
interesting happening from that in the
next couple of weeks I feel like there's
another thing that I'm working on that I
will be able to talk about in the future
but I'm forgetting what it is either way
hotline link broadcasts every Monday at
8 p.m. Pacific at least we try to land
it on those days sometimes we have to
move it's at twitch.tv slash Travis
cafard and I want to thank definitely so
much for being on the show Thank You
Marc as always for being my constant
co-host screw Microsoft and their skype
update which caused us to be delayed but
that's hotline like episode 37